Good luck! Do your best, Big
Brother!
Just stay calm when you're
taking the test.
As long as you haven't forgotten
everything you've learned up to
now, I know you'll pass!
Yeah! I know!
Uhh...
It's only for... just in case...
Okay, I'm out of here, you guys!
Good luck! You'll do great!
Heh!
Oh! There they are!
Hey, guys!
[chuckle]
Huh, you sure look like you're
ready to go!
Yeah, what happened?
Not long ago, you sounded like
Shikadai, saying this was gonna
be a drag...
Yeah! Right? I have no idea
what caused him to change his
mind!
Heh! Like I told you! I'm gonna
show everyone the results of my
training!
It looks like everyone else is
here now, too.
What's up!
Let's do our best!
[nervous groans] Oh, I am so
nervous!
[chewing and blowing]
None of them seem like they're
very eager to do this...
You can't really tell just by
looking at 'em.
(NAMIDA) Oh! Those three guys
all look identical!
Yeah. Those guys are from the
Hidden Mist Village. Their names
are...
Takanami, Sazanami and Makinami
Senka...
They're triplets, huh? I wonder
what kind of jutsu they use...
Tell me, Iwabe... which of the
teams do you think is the
strongest?
Well, let's see...
Mm?!
[quivered grunt]
If I had to pick one...
those guys look like they might
have some real strength hidden
up their sleeves.
They might end up being our
biggest rivals.
They're from the Hidden Stone.
The Genbu Shinobi Trio!
Their background and the jutsu
they use are a total mystery...
Huhhh?! Those guys look
super strong to me!
Do we even have a chance, at
all...?!
[chuckle] Hey, calm down!
Hmmm?
Just look at 'em! Compared to
the enemies we've had to go
up against before now...
those guys are nothing to worry
about!
Ugh, look at him... He gets so
carried away!
So that's Boruto Uzumaki.
The son of Seventh Hokage Naruto
Uzumaki, who defeated Father in
the past...
Hey, what's the matter, Shinki?
It's nothing. Come on, the
opening ceremony's about to
begin.
[chattering]
Quiet down! Looks like everyone
is here.
Alright, then... We'll now begin
the first Chunin Exams of the
Five Allied Villages.
As all of you are aware...
this is the first Chunin Exams
in history sponsored jointly by
all five villages.
The Hidden Leaf. The Hidden
Cloud. The Hidden Mist. The
Hidden Stone.
And the Hidden Sand.
Right here and now...
you're all being given the rare
opportunity to battle against
ninja from other villages.
It's your chance to use the
jutsu you're most proud of to
their fullest extent!
[chewing]
[annoyed grunt]
Good grief. An event this
important, and none of them seem
motivated!
Are they even gonna
try?
Everyone! Remember to freely
demonstrate the fruits of your
training!
[cheers]
Alright!
The first round is gonna begin
promptly at noon over at Exam
Venue A.
So until then, the time is all
yours. You can use it as you see
fit.
I suggest you rest or train!
Dismissed!
[chattering]
Okay, two Chunin Exam Cheer
burger combos, right?
[exasperated sigh] Really?
Burgers again? On a day like
this?
[chewing and swallowing]
Well, they say you can't wage a
war when you're hungry!
Well, there's still time until
the first exam, I guess...
This can just be our strategy
meeting.
Um, yeah, okay, sure. But
Mitsuki's late...
I wonder what he's doing...
Mm?!
It's those guys from the opening
ceremony...
Huh? Hmph!
Uh..? [aggrivated grunt]
Hey, sorry but couldya move
somewhere else?
Huh?!
Well, there are only two of you
sittin' here. But there are
three in our group.
The bigger party should get to
sit in the booth. I mean, it
just makes sense, doesn't it?
We have three people in our
group, too. One of us just isn't
here yet.
Too bad. That isn't our problem.
Yeah, it's his own fault for
being too slow.
Alright, there you have it! So
now that you understand, get up
and get lost.
There's just no way you can be a
ninja if you're as slow as that!
What?!
No, don't Boruto! Don't make
trouble before the exams.
Boruto?
Oh, I see! So you're the son of
the Seventh Hokage, huh?
I was wondering how good a ninja
you were. But who woulda thought
you'd be such a weakling?
Why you--!
[chuckle] Huh...? Ehhhh!
That seat is mine, I'm afraid.
Oh, yeah? And who are you?!
Hey! Why you staring at me,
huh...? [snarl]
Boruto, why are these three
guys-? Uh... huh?
Huh?!
I can't move!
Hey- what the...!
What's going on?!
Ahhh!
That's enough.
Who are these guys?
What's with the cape?
What's the point of you two
fighting in here?
[uncomfortable grunt]
[grunt]
Well, anyway, our third member's
here now. I'm sure you can find
other seats.
Hm. Yeah, whatever.
[chattering]
But this isn't over. We'll see
you in the Exams.
Hmph!
Um... thanks! You were a big
help.
Yeah, sure. Don't worry about
it. Thta's just the kind of
person that Shinki is.
Let's go.
Right!
Shinki, huh? Who is that guy
anyway?
[stuttered grunt] Oh, uh... Ah!
Here...
Let me see... Shinki, from the
Hidden Sand Village. [gasp]
He's the adopted son of the
Fifth Kazekage!
[gasp]
One of the Five Kage's sons...
That means he's just like you,
Boruto.
Kazekage, huh...? So that's
him...
[chattering]
Boruto!
Mm? Oh!
(SARADA) Lord Mizukage!
It's been a while! Thank you
again for the last time!
I wanted to bring Kagura
along...
...but I left him in charge of
the Hidden Mist Village while
I'm away.
Oh, I see.
But I have brought a message
from him with me.
He told me to tell you that he's
looking forward to seeing you
again as a fellow chunin.
That's what he wanted to say.
He said that?!
(CHOJURO) He's been training
hard every single day so that he
can become my successor.
Oh, yeah? So, he's doing his
best, too!
Yes, and you'll have to do the
same! The guys from my village
are all pretty strong, too...
you know!
Those are the Senka Triplets
from the Hidden Mist...
I suppose defeating all of them
isn't going to be easy...
That's just fine by me. Whoever
I go up against, no way am I
gonna lose!
(DARUI) Hey, Tsuchikage!
Hm?
It appears that you're awfully
eager to watch the first round
of the Chunin Exams!
[chuckle] I could say the same
to you.
Well... it is the Five Villages'
first joint exam ever!
[chuckle] I wonder...
...just how many genin will be
worth watching this time, do you
think?
It really is nice that we're at
peace these days, but because of
that...
the number of chunin has
gone way down.
We need the new blood that we
hope is gonna emerge from these
Exams.
By the way, where's Gaara?
Isn't the Kazekage going to
come? The Exams are just about
to begin!
He should be on his way right
about now.
Oh, we're all here, I see.
It's just about to get going.
Okay... Everyone seems to be
here...
So now I'll explain what the
first round of these Exams
entails.
Round One will be...
[chewing]
...a true or false quiz.
Huh?!
[confused chattering]
It's... a quiz?!
(SAI) The question will be
revealed at Exam Venue B, twenty
kilometers from here.
Any genin who aren't there after
one hour has elapsed on this
stopwatch will be disqualified.
[chattering]
And furthermore, various traps
have been laid along the way.
If you get caught up and can't
go further, you'll also be
disqulaified.
Boruto! Look there!
Only participants who arrive at
Venue B within the time allotted
will be allowed to take the...
Wait, the stopwatch is already
moving!
Let's go!
true or false quiz, so please
make sure you pay attention to
the time.
Any team that's late, even by
a second, will be-
[shouting]
Oh... But I wasn't done
explaining yet...
Of course, the explanation
itself was trap. If they'd
listened till the end of it...
they wouldn't have gotten
there in time.
At least they figured that much
out.
As expected. This year's
entrants are an elite group.
Yes, I should hope so.
Oh, man... This is the first
joint exams in all of history...
And Sai... sure isn't gonna make
it easy on them...
[heavy breathing and shouting]
[grunt]
This is an exam, but it's also a
serious battle.
I won't be going easy on you!
Whoah!
[gasp] Ahhh!
[pained grunt]
These must be the traps they
laid! Be careful moving forward!
Ahhh!
Wahhh!
[pained grunt]
Ahhh!
Seems the time's come to show
them what we're made of.
The Genbu Trio's ultimate
technique!
Ninja Art! Genbu Winter Wind
Emperor Formation!
Number One Hundred Eight!
Release!
Respond to my name and manifest,
jet black-!
Whahhhh!
[pained grunts and groans]
[gasps]
[gasp]
Too bad. We never got to see...
their ultimate technique.
What was it that he was saying
at the end, there?
[gasps]
[gasp] L-Let's go! Nothing much
to say to losers like that...
[embarrassed sigh]
So uncool...
Why, those three little...!
When they get home, they're
gonna start training again from
scratch! I'll see to that...
personally!
[chuckle] These traps are
nothing! They sure aren't worth
wasting this...
Hm! Not bad at all!
Alright, how about this?
Try not to use your jutsu here.
There's no need for us to reveal
our skills to the enemy just
yet.
Right!
You got it...
[grunt]
[spitting]
Heh! That was too easy!
And I still have more tricks up
my sleeve!
Sazanami, Makinami,. Let's go!
Yes, Elder Brother.
I'm always ready!
[grunt]
[grunts]
[grunts and heavy breathing]
[chattering and heavy breathing]
We took too long to get over
here...
We made it with about five
minutes to spare.
Damn it... Look at them, acting
like it's no big deal...
Huh... There are more than I
expected.
Still, it's in the range of what
we anticipated. Well...
anyway...
the real exam is about to get
started now.
Each team of three will go stand
together on the side which they
believe holds the banner with
the coreect answer on it.
Oh! So, there actually is a true
or false quiz!
Boy, they sure prepared some
elaborate steps for this Exam...
Answer wrong, and pay the price,
namely...
...those who turn black will
fail.
Turn black?
The question is...!
In Volume 5 of the "Shinobi
Strategist Detective Story", the
following passwords appear:...
Moon is day. Mountain is river.
Flower is nectar. True or false?
[confused chattering]
How am I supposed to know that?!
Ahhh! Wait, what were they
again?!
The three passwords? Boy, I
really don't remember them...
Uhhh...?
Mmmmm....
[confused chattering]
Hey, Sarada, do you know that
book?
Sort of...
Except the thing is, that series
has several volumes, and I've
only read up to the fourth one.
I didn't even know that there
was a fifth one.
What about you, Mitsuki?
[disappointed sigh]
I guess we're just gonna have to
go by instinct, then...
This won't be much use on a
quiz...
Hm.
Hm!
Damn it! We have to hurry up and
decide or we're gonna fail!
Boruto, which answer do you
think my dad would choose?
Why'd you ask that?
Just tell me what you think.
Mmmm... I feel like he'd answer
false.
[chuckle] I just don't think
he's the obedient type!
I agree... I think he'd say that
too.
I'll become Hokage by choosing a
different path than my dad!
Uh...
Then, we pick true?
Mhm! Are you guys willing to go
along with the answer I've
chosen?
Yeah, this is fun! Thinking
about it too much won't get us
anywhere.
So let's take a gamble,
Sarada!
Mm!
Your time's up!
The answer is...
[gasps]
Ahhh!
(ARAYA) Ink! It's a pool of ink!
Did...did we just fail?
Damn it... already?!
Is this really it...?!
[gasp]
They failed over there too?! So
the right answer is--?!
...those who turn black will
fail.
[gasp] Mitsuki!
Right!
Boruto!
Huh? [grunt] Hm?
Mm? Oh, so that's it!
Whoah!
[gasps for air]
[relieved sigh] We barely made
it.
[chewing]
Oh, I get it...
It probably didn't matter if we
chose "true" or "false"...
The question was a sham right
from the start! There was never
really a fifth volume at all!
Now it makes sense. "...those
who turn black wil fail".
Those were his exact words...
So if you don't touch the ink,
you'll be okay.
Heh! You pass if you didn't fall
into the pool of ink! So that's
what he meant, huh?
So like dad... an awkward and
oblivious test...
[chattering]
[exasperated sigh]
Precisely right!
You see... if you realized your
mistake above the pool of ink
and then just gave up...
...and let the ink stain you,
you don't deserve to be a
chunin.
[sigh]
(SAI) The real purpose was to
see the answer you were forced
to find after being put into a
difficult situation.
...whether you'd give up or not.
Those who avoided the ink
answered correctly.
The Chunin Exams' Round One has
now ended!
Round Two is in three days. Let
us do our best!
Of course we will! We'll pass
the next one, no doubt!
Right, Boruto?
Uh...!
Oh! Yeah! You'd better we
believe we will!
(YURUI) [chuckle] You sure do
talk big.
Without both your teammates, you
woulda been completely helpless!
What's that?!
Hey, Shinki! Something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Yeah... it seems that he didn't
have a chance to use it this
time.
Yes, I believe that you're
right. If he's going to use
it...
then it should be on a bigger
stage than this one...
Well, it seems that Boruto's
team has made it through Round
One.
I see.
Maybe you should give him a pep
talk or something!
Yeah.
Hey, Big Brother! Dinner's all
ready!
I bet he's exhausted. Let's just
let him get some sleep.
Mhm.
Mm?
[gasp]
(NARUTO) Congratulations on
passing the first round. Good
luck on the next one. Dad.
He sent an email...?
He didn't even send a Shadow
Clone? Stupid old man...
Hm.
[grunted sigh]
You just watch...
I'll definitely show you what I
can do in the second round!
No matter what, I'm gonna make
sure you acknowledge me!
(SARADA) If we're going to show
Lord Seventh how strong we
are...
we have to make it through this
second round.
I gotta pass the Chunin Exams to
keep walking down the path of
becoming the Hokage!
(MITSUKI) We're counting on you,
Boruto. Because I don't want to
lose.
(BORUTO) [chuckle] Yeah, I know.
You don't have to tell me!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Reason I
Can't Lose"
No way! I can't lose here!